Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
If we can all bring out our smart phones and
make sure that the app is loaded.
Yes. You will see different design options and then...
You need to now just click on 'immerse'
where you see 'immerse'.
I can see a pink kiddies room with a double bunk.
Ok. Now can anybody else click on any
other design option of your choice?
-I see a hotel lobby. complete with virtual people.
-Hmmm.
Lolade...
-M.D. will love this.
-Ok...
Help me wear it.
-Let me adjust it.
-Ok. Thank you.
Super impressive. Wow!
So how is a software doing this?
-Oh. uhm... its real time retracing actually.
Ok.
Yes.
Ehm. what Abel is trying to explain is that uhm...
Our app has the latest technology that helps you...
...show fully designed spaces even before you
start building.
So now. they can correct on the go...
...and now with that app. they get to experience
the spaces for everything that it is.
How come mine is not working? I am trying to connect.
Let me guess... that is an android.
Well... uhm... the app has been deployed for iphones...
...and I am guessing that the quality of your clientele use
the best of phones.
Ehm...
I am so sorry. I might be able to work on something that can
make it work across all mobile phones.
-I can actually...
-No. we can not.
There is absolutely no need to waste time on that.
Like I said...
I always deliver.
That would be all.
Abel. you are a brilliant young man. No doubt.
You know. what surprises me is...
The fact that you
...have not realised that the only idea...
...that flies in this company is mine.
Yes ma. but this particular product. I can...
Do you know how much it would cost...
...on multiple platforms?
The risks involved if it fails?
This company simply exists today because I played safe.
You made me look like an incompetent fool today
I am sorry ma. I am sorry.
Let this be the last time...
...you tweak my product without telling me.
Ok ma.
Bro. you're still working on this?
Guys... I want to arrange some hot babes.
There will be so much fun tonight.
Why are you frowning? Tell us what's wrong.
-Guy. I'm tired.
-Of what?
I'm tired of Mrs. Yemi constantly stealing my ideas and
claiming them as hers...
-It's not fair now.
-You shouldn't be surprised. Why are you stressing yourself?
Well. there is somethig we can do about it.
These babes I have coming over tonight can help you with...
-...your milky situation. You know...
-Listen. I'm busy tonight.
No mehn.
How can someone so smart be so dumb?
Don't jerk off all your unborn children to all
those models on Fans Alone.
-You are shouting.
-It's true now.
Let me introduce you to some nice girls...
Girls that will give you great sex.
-As your best friend...
-You are not my best friend.
As your best friend. I don't want you to die a virgin.
It won't be good.
Bro. you are a fine boy and it won't be good if you die a
virgin.
No! It's not good.
Tonight will be... tell him. tell him.
Give me my headphones.
Hi Emmanuel.
So. why are we not at the dining with the rest of the kids?
Hmmm? Are you not in a good mood?
I have a special surprise...
...and I think it might just put you in a good mood. Yes?
Yaaaay! Awww... I knew you'd like it!
See. it has
Try to press it.
-Aunty welcome!
-Yes!
Hi!
So. are we ready for a dance?
Yes!!!
Ok! Let's just spread out. Spread out.
Yes. Common. so we just start on 3 2 1... Let's go!
1...
2...
Common! 3...
4...
5...
Turn round. 6 7 8 9 10.
Then. we go down and up
Down again!
Down and up.
Well done!
So. can anybody guess what we are going to do next?
-Finger painting!
-Yes!! Finger painting!
Let's go! Let's go!
Subtitle
This is the third time this week that man is coming here.
That man did not come to play.
In fact. he said he said he will be coming witha bulldozer
the next time he comes.
Subtitle
So. what are we going to do?
I don't know. Mama can't afford to loose
this place. It will break her.
The real question is. how do we get her another place
and move the children? The time is too short.
We need a miracle to turn things around.
-To keep this place or else...
-We will be shut down?
I don't blame them. The whole area is getting commercialized
and uhm...
If they sell this building. it's worth a lot of money.
They kept increasing the rent so that
they wouldn't come across as evil people...
...who forced an orphanage to shut down...
So. the rent is the problem?
Well. yes and no.
They prefer I buy the building for a hundred and fifty
million naira.
You and I know that it's never going to happen.
So. they increased the rent.
They increased the rent from 3.5 million naira to 6 million
naira.
How long do we have?
You know. Bianca...
I really worked hard to build this place.
I didn't need to and i really don't know
why I'm still doing this.
How long do we have mama?
12 days Bianca.
We can start a special fund raiser.
-A.. a special fund raiser?
-On social media.
Ok... but what's that going to fetch us?
You'll be surprised.
-Ok... but then i really...
-You don't have to worry about anything.
Zainab and I would sort everything out.
Hmmm?
Ok. If you feel you can pull this off. then we have a deal.
Great!
-Thank you my dear.
-Yes ma.
Do you like my new car?
Go premium and make more money.
Go Premium!!!
Ok. Let's do this.
I want to see your breast.
My... my breast..
Why did you upgrade if you're not going to show your
breasts?
What's this?
What?!
Ok.
Uhmm... Ok.
I need you to blow my mind.
Hmmm... I'm ready for you.
I want to watch you fuck yourself till you cum.
Uh...
Uhm... How about...
...we start slowly...
...I dance for you...
Fucking fuck yourself till you cum. This is premium. I paid
for this shit.
I understand but...
What?!
Ok...
Hey you.
-Hi
-You're on premium now. You know you can talk to me.
I'd rather chat.
Hmmm... ok... if you say so. Are you stressed?
...because. I'm ready to ease your stress.
How about I...
...kiss you all over
I want to hear you moan
Take off your shorts.
Yeah!
Your body is so soft.
Ah! Shit!
Uuuhhh!
I want to lick you.
Ahh! Shit!
She's all yours.
I love it when you touch me.
I want you big man.
I want you inside me.
Eat me up! Eat me up!
Eat me up!
Shit! Shit!
Aaarrghh! Shit!
I'm so sorry to disturb you. I...
I'm so sorry to disturb you. I noticed you are the only one
who has light...
...and I really need to charge my phone and laptop.
Please...!
Thank you.
Uhm... Can I use your bathroom?
Yeah.
Uhh... Thank you so much. Thank you. I just...
I'll be on my way now. I'm so sorry to have disturbed you.
Thank you so much.
Subtitle
Wow! This babe can dance though.
What?
Subtitle
Look at her own.
-19 likes.
-...and zero comments.
Is mama in?
So. what I'm saying to you doesn't make sense to you right?
It's not that. I just want to see her for a reason.
Subtitle
This guy! Why are you so sneaky? Every single time.
It's your expression for me. It's fine bro.
Lanre...
After all I did for you last night. you have the mind to do
this to me right?
Ok... You are being proud right?
Wait... wait...
Ouch! What happened last night?
This boy...
...he got lap dances from not one. not two
but three very hot girls.
How is it supposed to be my fault if they all wanted me?
Ouch!
No problem. You guys want to know how
this game should be played right?
Round two. Fight!
Wait... wait... In 5 4 3...
Hi.
Hi
I realise I didn't introduce myself last night.
Bianca. My name is Bianca.
Abel. My name is Abel.
It's nice to meet you Abel.
So...
I basically brought this as a token of appreciation to you.
Freshly baked red velvet cake.
I hope you like it.
You didn't have to but thank you.
-I'm wondering if...
-I have to go now. See you around?
Yeah. Sure.
-Sure?
-Sure.
Bye.
-Hey...
-Hey.
Erm... C... Can I dr... drop you off if you don't mind?
Are you sure it's not too much?
I mean yes. it's... it's fine.
-Oh! Ok. Thank you.
-Ok.
Thank you
-Oops! Thank you.
-Sorry. Your seat belt.
Sorry.
It's fine.
Yeah.
So... what do you do Abel?
Uhm... I work for a software company.
Mostly graphic design.
Uhh...
...and you're an artist too. This is really really... Wow!
Whatever you have in there must be really terrible.
Ooops! Ok.
Hello...
Yes...
Thank you. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
Alright. I'll see you tonight?
Alright. I'll see you tonight.
Battery. Uhm...
-Can I...
-Yeah. Sure. Go ahead.
-Where?
-Here. Just...
Ok.
So... you are basically an internet fraudster.
No...no! I..I'm not an internet fraudster.
I work for a company that deals in building interactive
products and gaming interphases for blue chip organizations.
I'm not an internet fraudster.
Organizations... hmmm...
Just be careful.
Yeah.
So... thank you for the ride. I... really appreciate it.
Alright. You are welcome.
Shit! Oh mehn!
Emmanuel please. See... look...
Sorry. Emmanuel. It's ok. Here. fix your toy. Do you want
to...
See...look...
Sorry. wait... Emmanuel. Please...please Emmanuel...
Emmanuel I need you to...
Sorry... I...
No. It's...
Are you? What...
-There's a...
-Erm...
-Here...
Hold on. Let me just...
I'm sorry...
Thank you. Erm...
Oh.. I'm... actually. I just came to return...
...because you forgot this and just thougth to return it.
-I need to go back now...
-Thank you.
Thank you for helping with him.
Thank you.
Subtitle
Oh Shit!
Guy. what's going on?
My sincere apologies. What happened is that a friend of
mine had an emergency and I...
I should have informed the team.
You abandoned this entire company because of a friend?
-I... it will not happen again.
-I bet it will not happen again.
Get out of my office. Get out!
Next time. you should at least inform us.
You made us look like idiots.
Bro. I'm sorry.
It didn't make sense. Mrs. Yemi didn't seem like she was
joking.
Leave us out of this your puppy love please.
Wait... who is this your friend I don't know about?
Heeyy! Chiboy!
Thanks again for today. I'm having a party later today.
Please I'll love for you to be there.
This is real puppy love.
Give me my phone.
Oh ok. So this is the friend that has been keeping you busy
right?
Is she the same person that came to charge?
I hope you're going to tell her you can't make it though.
-Why?
-...because we have to work on the demo before the end of
today.
Have you forgotten so soon?
Guys... I have something to tell you.
What?
Ok.. So. you know how i have been pitching this idea to Mrs.
Yemi for the longest time... for almost a year and she
keeps on rejecting me everytime.
-Yeah.
-Right?
-Uhum.
Come and see.
You see this part here?
Z Capitals?
If she finds out...
-You are dead.
-That is why we will leave before she finds out.
Please. who are the "we"?
Wait... What is the idea?
You know when you play a video game and you can buy coins to
level up or to power up.... Right?
Now. imagine if as a user. you can gift your favorite
celebrity or skit maker or influencer while they are
streaming live.
...like the site where you watch prostitutes right?
Guy. behave yourself. I am being serious.
Listen. celebrities can also gift their fans through the use
of tokens.
The fans can then take those tokens. gather them up and
convert it to cash.
See. listen. there's a lot of moey to be made from this
thing guys
At the end of the day. we don't have to really do much.
The user. the content creator will do the marketing for us.
You know. for a minute there. I thought you were going to
tell us that you finally had sex.
Listen guys. we would have equal stake in the compay and we
will share all the bills as well... equally.
Lanre here would be our head of finance while you will be
our head of marketing.
-...and I will focus on what I know how to do best.
-As one who builds apps as a hobby right?
Aargh man! Common. you know Lanre is the best when it comes
to numbers and finances.
-...while you are good at...
-I am in.
Guys... I don't...
Of course I'm in!
Guys! Who wants to stay in this shithole that Mrs. Yemi has
created?
Common... Let's do this!
Guys. do we have a name for the company? What do we call it?
Erm... A.L.C.
-Wow!
-Strategy?
A.L.C. and Sons.
Err... Hi. can I have a shot?
Hey. I love the way you dance. Can I get you a drink?
Thank you.
Are you sure?
You came!
Hi!
Happy birthday!
Thank you!
Alright. Here you go.
Thank you! Come.
Guys. this is my friend Zainab. Zainab this is Abel. my
neighbor.
-How are you sir?
-Hello.
See!
-Hi. Are you good?
-Yeah
-You are fine?
-Yeah.
-Really?
-Yes.
-Are you sure?
Ok.
Common.
-Do you want salt?
-No.
Wait... Oh My God!
-That's not what happened
-No... You can't... Don't try to lie or pretend
-I... was actually...
-...as if... o that...
-Wait... I'm coming. I don't lie.
-What?
You are lying. You are the one that is lying.
See. you know erm... I... promise you that tonight was the
best night in my life.
Thank you for inviting me out.
Sorry...
Sorry... erm... You know what? Just give me your bag.
Sorry.
Subtitle
Sorry. Easy.
I didn't lock my car.
No. common...
Uhm...
Ok. Just chill.
The app is uhm...
-The app is a...
-A faster way to get response from...
...customer care agents. Instead of waiting long hours
before they get back to you via phone call.
This is good.
Ma?
This is really good. I mean. it's an improvement from your
last disaster.
Abel what is going on with you? I can't have you mumblig at
presentations.
You seem distracted.
-You know... I'm so sorry...
-Just save it.
Get me the research documents. I'll be presenting this
myself.
-Ma...
I cannot have you embarass me.
Actually...
Chibueze. if I want your opinionn. I'll ask for it.
Oh God! Chibueze you've taken enough bullshit in this
office.
Abel my man! I can see somebody had a good night last night.
Guy...
How did it go? Tell us about it. Why are you behaving like
this?
Chiboy.
I just want to know. At least my guy fially got laid. How
did it go?
No gist?
Ok. I'm sorry. I was only joking.
Can't I joke with you anymore?
You are messing up by hoarding this gist.
-I just want to...
-I wanted to...
-I need to...
You know. it's fine. You go first.
I just want to apologise for last nights behaviour
I was totally out of line.
No... you don't need to...
No. I just want to apologise. I got...
...carried away.
It's fine. It's fine.
Friends?
Yeah. Friends.
Uhm... What did you want to say?
Oh! Uhm... I... wanted to...
I... I wanted to find out if it's ok for me to come in to
see Emmanuel.
Of course. Of course. Just let me know...
...whenever you want to. Uhm...
I have to go now.I have a appointment.
I'm sure.
It's fine.
Friends?
Yeah.
Friends.
See you!
Friends. Really?
Hey you. I'm all ready for you.
Can we just talk? I need someone to talk to. I could pay
you extra if you don't mind.
Uhm... Sure. Why not?
Subtitle
Why do I have a feelig that you have been stalking her?
You definitely have.
Look. you need to think outside the box.
Something that would really get her attention. Do you
understand?
Hi.
Hey.
Uhm... I got this for Emmauel. Sorry. I got this for the
kids.
Uhm... for painting and drawing. I was just on my way up to
drop it off.
Thank you... This is... This is really nice.
Trust me. every woman has something that they genuinely care
about.
You need to find that something and genuinely show her that
you care.
Mr. Ajayi...erm... Look. please.
I need some more time. Look at this children.
Mama. I really don't know what you want me to do here.
I mean. the property isn't mine. I was sent to do a job and
that's what I'm doing here now.
I'm just here to do my job. I'm sorry.
Listen mama. I understand and love everything you are doing
here
...but if you don't pay the funds. the rest of the funds by
next week Monday...
...we will be forced to take this property from you.
Hmmm...
Ok. I erm... I understand.
-I'm really sorry mama.
-It's ok.
Thank you.
My love to the kids.
Thank you so much for an amazing night.
I had a really good time today.
I had a really good time.
Like a really really good time. Thank you.
Erm... You are welcome.
Uhm... I have to go now.
-I have to go and cook and clean and just... You know...
-Oh...
Erm... I... I can... I can help you clean...
It's fine. I'm fine. Yeah... and here
No. Actually. uhm... you can have that.
Are you sure?
Thank you.
-Thank you.
-You are welcome.
-Bye. See you.
-Yep. Erm...
Bye.
I... I'm sorry...
Strip for me. Isn't that why I'm paying you?
Uhmm... I thought we were getting to know each other?
Look. I'm a paying customer and you will do whatever I want.
What I want is for you to fucking strip bitch!
Please. don't rate me down.
Why the orphanage?
I mean. you make really good cakes.
You give them out for free. I'm not saying that's a bad
thing but...
I just want to know why.
It's personal.
...but there's this sort of fulfilment that comes from
taking care of kids.
I guess I'll never understand.
...but. I admire your courage.
But...
It's sad to know that we will have to shut down soon.
Shut down?
Why?
Well. they doubled the rent.
And... Mama is just a retired widow who just wants to take
care of the kids.
She can't afford it.
Uhm... Is...
Uhm... Is there anyway that I can maybe help
Careful. Can you get that? Do you need a hand?
Please everybody. let's do this as quickly as possible.
I'm right behind you. Careful. Careful.
Ok. Weldone. Let's go.
Come with me.
Hello people. See. uncle brought something for you.
Wow! Thank you.
Is that fine?
500 thoudand naira?
This will surely go a long way. Thank you so much.
You are welcome ma'am. I need to take my leave now. I need
to get back to work.
Thank you once again. Thank you.
Bianca. thank you so much for everything you are doing for
the children.
You are indeed a blessing. Thank you.
Someone called Caramel slide just made a donation of 1.5
million naira.
We are not leaving.
Caramel slide. That's... that's an interesting name.
Who cares about the name? We have the money!
We have the money kids! We don't need to pack up anymore!
Thank you very much for everything.
...and genuity even if you didn't have to.
You did. I really appreciate it.
-Thank you.
-You are welcome.
Excuse me.
Guys... I am so sorry.
Listen. I'm... I'm sorry.
For which mess up exactly? For which one?
For not making the meeting today or for not making payment
yet? which one?
Bro. Listen.
Look Abel. if you know you aren't serious
about this. let us know.
So that we can concentrate on our paying job. Common!
My brother. you are messing up big time.
This project is your idea. This business is your idea.
If you were really interested in this meeting. you would
have reached out since our houses are basically 15mins from
yours.
-Listen...
-Did he say I should listen?
Guys. listen. I promise you that I will make payment before
the end of today.
Same thing you said last week.
Hey. don't talk like that.
Wow! Hi.
Hi. Uhm... Abel. I need to...
Uhm... My name is Chibueze but my friends call me Chiboy.
You can call me Chiboy.
-Hi. Nice to meet you. Bianca.
Yeah. You may kiss your bride.
Ok.
Uhm... I'll be back soon. I just want to go somewhere real
quick. I'll soon be back.
-Bye!
-Bye! See you!
Guy... This your girl is so beautiful. Does she have a
sister?
You know like. double date won't be bad right?
-Best friends. sisters ...
-Iam not your best friend.
Hi...
I missed you.
Here you go.
Oh. is it too much? Did I...?
Oh. it's my bad. I'm sorry.
It's... It's fine.
ok.
I appreciate the effort.
You are welcome.
So...
When did you get back?
Common. you are surely going to tell me that you missed me
too. I'm sure you did.
I did miss you.
I got in this morning. I honestly couldn't wait to see you.
So. why are you back?
What do you mean?
-I mean. you said that you...
-I know what I said.
You asked me to give you space and time. I gave you the
required space and time don't you think?
What did you expect?
You told me you were never coming back.
Common babe. I said that to get you to come with me.
Clearly I was wrong.
Habib I...
I came back for you.
I came back for us.
I knew when I left you. you wouldn't be
able to do too good without me in the world.
I mean... See babe. we have a lot together and I don't see
any reason why we should throw that away.
I want to do good by us. I want to take care of you.
Well. we definitely need to take you shopping.
I mean. It's dinner baby and...
I mean. you look like you are dressed like one of those
girls.
Oh no. That's not how it was supposed to sound. It didn't
come out right.
I mean. I want to spoil my girl.
I've missed you now common.
Spend my money now. What is your problem?
Habib stop.
So the plan is to quit my job after I'm done with this
presentation.
...and start my own company with my guys.
That is great. I mean you'll have enough time to do the
things that really matter to you.
-That's the plan.
-Thank you.
-Cheers.
Your mum would be so proud.
Zainab... Zainab told me about... Uhm...
What about your... your dad and your sisblings?
Well... It was always just my mum and I.
-I have something I want to tell you.
-No. Actually. I have something I want to tell you and...
...I need to get it off my chest before... before I chicken
out again.
Uhm... Ok.
Hey. Just trust me. Whatever I want to tell you can wait.
Uhm...
Bianca. the past few weeks...
...have been the most amazing weeks of... of my life.
And literally...
Every moment has been so.. wonderful.
And...
And every day that I've spent with you has been the best
days of my life.
Well. Bianca you make me so happy.
Youve... opened up a... a space in my heart.
And I want you to work through that space and...
Make the space in my heart your home.
And if you let me...
If you let me. I want to be the one.
The one that you call partner and...
Now I feel like I'm talking too much.
I thought you'll never say anything.
I don't know... What if i love him?
But I know that I want to be with him. if that makes sense.
Does it make sense?
That sounds like love to me.
Stop... Stop... Zainab!
Bianca. falling in love with a mere mortal. Wow!
Whatever happened to trying to focus and being youself.
-You are loosing focus.
-I'm not loo... I'm not loosing focus
That's the thing. With him. I am myself.
-Like... I feel like...
-Caramel.
What's wrong?
-What did you say?
-Caramel.
It has come to my attention that you are developing a
personal app with company resources.
Ma. I have never used company rresources for my personal
gain.
-I don't understand were...
-Z Capitals.
Not only are you developing an app
You had the audacity to pitch this to Z capitals.
-I...
-That is the same idea you pitched to me.
-I did not use company resources.
The app has been registered as the company's IP.
-Ma. with all due respect...
-You're fired.
I don't want to ever see your face in this office again.
Fired?
A staff of ours saw a very inappropriate drawing with
Emmanuel.
We believe it was uhm... part of the drawings that your
friend donated to the children.
Yes?
Uhm... Can i see this drawing?
Hmmm... You most certainly can.
Bianca. we appreciate all of this that he is doing but this
is ungodly.
It should not have found it's way into this orphanage.
And you... You are a good girl. What are you
doing mingling with people like this?
Yes please! Return it to him. Thank you.
Urgh!
How dare you?
Listen. I can explain.
How long have you known?
Abel. how long have you known?!
Since your birthday.
How dare you bring this to my work?
My life. the kids. Emmanuel!
What type of dirty minded person are you?
Dirty minded?
That's so crazy coming from you.
You are the one that pays to get satisfied.
And you... you are the one that... that shows your nakedness
to every Tom. Dick and Harry online for...for a fee.
I could have easily paid for your time last night like I've
been paying since the day that I started talking to you.
So please...
Please don't come at me with this self righteous talk.
-Look. listen. I shouldnt have said that...
Fuck you!
Here I was...
Thinking that this was something special.
It is.
I really thought that this was it...
Do you know what's funny?
The most amazing things always turn out to be a lie.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
B.
B. are you alright?
-Hmmm.
-Are you alright?
Yeah. Why?
You seem a bit lost.
Uhm...
It's... I'm fine. It's just...
Uhm... Fudraiser at work has me worried about the kids.
You kow what? I don't understand why you don't want me to
help.
And the thing is. if it comes to you and the things you care
about. money is not a problem.
So. let me help. Please.
I do't want to bother you.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Let's watch. Let's watch.
Bianca.
Listen. Bianca please I...
I know you are in there and I know you can hear me
Please open the door.
Bianca please I'm sorry. Please I'm sorry.
Please.
Please...
No...
Stop!
Lanre!
I'm so sorry. Just look at me. Look at me.
I'm sorry.
Have some water.
Sorry.
Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you for coming when you did Abel because if you didn't
come. I don't know what would have happened to me.
And you came just at the right time.
The right time.
How did you know the right time?
Were you watching?
Leave.
-Bianca please I...
-Abel just leave.
-I'm sorry.
-Leave!
Hey. I got here as soon as I could. I'm so sorry.
I'm so so sorry...
Who is he?
My ame is Abel. I'm her neighbor and I just...
I just saved her.
-You are...
-Thaks. I appreciate.
Habib.
Bianca is my childhood sweet heart.
And my girlfriend.
Babe. Bianca. what is he...
-Abel. you've done enough.
-You can leave now.
-Sorry.
-But Bianca. I...
-Thank you so much. We really do appreciate.
Bruv. thanks.
Sorry.
You'll be fine.
Caramel is such a cutie.
She's well grown and everything.
I doubt she even remembers me.
I thought you had moved passed all these.
I mean. I offered to help but you said you had everything
under control.
Why didn't you want my help?
You know what?
Yeah. Here you go.
Habib. you didn't have to.
My contribution to the orphanage?
Marry me?
Please.
What you did was ungodly. It is a sin.
I'm sorry mama.
First. it was your friend and his...
Look. I kow you meant well but you did it i a ungodly way.
Mama. I...
I did it for the kids.
For the centre.
-For you.
-I kow Bianca. I know.
Look. Honestly. we have to let you go.
For the sake of the children.
Ok... I'm sorry Bianca. I'm sorry.
I understand
That's a friends' contribution.
As part of the donation.
Wow!
Thak you very much for everything Bianca. Thank you.
You paid to have a good time and not chat.
I don't have time for this.
Yes. What is it?
Uh... I wanted to thank you for the other day. For what you
did for her. Really appreciate that.
Yeah.
Oh. I saw your sketch of her by the way. It was beautiful I
must say.
Don't be surprised. I mean. we literally tell ourselves
everything.
Yeah.
She has agreed to marry me by the way.
Why are you telling me this?
I know you like her.
I'm sure you are in love with her by now.
I fell in love with her from the first day I saw her.
So... Kindly respect the fact that she's mine now.
Respect that. Yeah...
What is this now? How come you don't have any alcohol in
your house?
Well. maybe it's because I don't drink alcohol.
So... wait.
All those while you went partying with your babe. you didn't
drink right?
Chiboy. what is it? what's up?
Lanre got a promotion.
How?
He is the one that told them about the app.
And how you got Z Capital to...
...fund you.
Apparently. he said you stole it.
That it was his idea.
Wow! That doesn't even make any sense.
But Mrs. Yemi is ready to buy every BS he is selling.
See. that Lanre guy is such a slimey snake. He is... he is
such a sneaky...
Abel.
Guy. what are you going to do now?
What can I do? It's not like she will forgive me.
You'll be here
Forgive my French. Sorry.
Listen Chiboy. I have something to tell you.
Let me get a cup. I'm coming.
Lanre is the one that almost raped Bianca.
What did you say?
Ufortuately. his face didn't appear in all those videos that
tended online.
So. there's no evidence to pin him down.
I don't understand. Like Lanre... Lanre... like Lanre that
works in the office. Our Lanre...
You are serious.
Lanre that doesn't talk.
He acts like he doesn't notice girls.
Remember that day. He was acting like he didn't see Bianca.
Now the thing is...
Who else...?
He gives me the vibe of someone that has even tried it
before.
There's no point asking how you sleep at night because you
clearly don't sleep.
First of all. you steal my app and then you get me fired
and like that's not enough. you almost raped Bianca.
The least you can do is just apologize.
Wait... wait...
No! You'll look at me when I'm talking to you. You'll look
at me whe I'm talking to you Lanre.
Wow! So you expect me to apologize?
For what exeactly?
And as for that slut Bianca...
Common bro. you should know better.
Those kind of girls are not meant to be held unto. They are
meant to be passed on. Please!
Wait. is it Bianca... is it Bianca you are talking about
like that?
-Is it Bianca you are talking about?
-Hey hey... No no...
-What is going on here now?
-Really... really...
Guys... what is this?
Wait. I think you should ask your guy. No. ask your guy.
-Abel what? Lanre what is this now?
-No... I think you should ask Abel.
-Ask him.
-What is it?
You can imagine. Abel is accusing me of stealing his app and
attempted rape. Really?
Rape? Rape! That's such a strong word guy. What is it?
Tell me.
Show me your evidence. Where is your evidence?
I mean... I mean look at you. Just look at you. That
caramelslide or whatever her name is...
She has brainwashed you. You don't have sense again and now
you've lost your job and you can't even handle yourself
again.
Wait... isn't it the same girl we saw at yours the other
day?
The same caramelslide that wants to get married to Habib
Olusegun or whatever his name is.
My guy. you are messing up! You are messing up!
Why are you trying to kill yourself over that girl now?
Everybody knows that the girl is a public toilet. You
know...
If it were me Chibueze Maduka aka Chiboy. I'd have done
worse than what you are accusing Lanre of.
-For what reason? Have you seen that girl?
-Common...
It doesn't make sense. You have to calm down.
Exactly my point. That's what I have been telling this guy.
Guy. this girl is a public property.
Yes.
Either by choice or by force. I chose the latter.
Let her thank her stars. If not for you. I'd have licked her
anyhow.
-Can you hear what he is saying?
-Yeah.
-You are disgusting...!
-I'll lick her.
-What are you going to do?
-You are disgusting. You belong in the gutter.
Ma. you took a lot of time. They almost killed me.
Good evening ma.
I heard everything. Thanks for the call Chibueze placed to
me.
You know. It's the audacity for me.
I do not want you to set your ugly foot in my company ever
again.
Do you understand me?
You are fired!
Thank you ma.
You are still fired.
That's abasolutely fine ma.
Ma. Sorry. I don't kow if i'll see small change. So that I
can buy painkiller.
Bro. it's not over. let me just let you know now. It's not
over...
Guy. you've finally been served.
I'll just take a cab.
Habib is a great guy.
Caring. loving...
Literally every womans dream but...
He is not my dream.
We are getting married in a few days and...
I know they say a broken relationship is better tha a broken
marriage but...
Habib has been so good to me.
Habib. You shouldn't be here
-It's not good for the groom to see the bride...
-...before the ceremoy.
Well. forgive me. I couldn't help myself.
You look beautiful.
You're lucky to have me as your husband.
As I am lucky to have you as my wife.
This is how I want
Remember how we met? Remember how we started?
We used to be all over ourselves.
Let's make us work B. please.
let's make this work.
This ring marks our agreement...
As husband and wife
A symbol of your love and submission to me as your husband.
And my provision to you as my wife
Bianca?
Bianca please don't go.
That's all you had to say.